Documentation/aigefs_single.md, before:

## AIGEFS Ensemble Mean & Ensemble Spread

***aigefs_single(final_forecast_hour=384, 
                    western_bound=-180, 
                    eastern_bound=180, 
                    northern_bound=90, 
                    southern_bound=-90, 
                    proxies=None, 
                    process_data=True,
                    clear_recycle_bin=True,
                    convert_temperature=True,
                    convert_to='celsius',
                    custom_directory=None,
                    chunk_size=8192,
                    notifications='off',
                    cat='mean',
                    type_of_level='pressure'):***

    This function downloads the latest AIGEFS Ensemble Mean or Ensemble Spread for either the Pressure or Surface Parameters. 
    Users can also enter a list of paths for custom_directory if they do not wish to use the default directory.
    
    Required Arguments: None
    
    Optional Arguments:
    
    1) final_forecast_hour (Integer) - Default = 384. The final forecast hour the user wishes to download. The AIGEFS
    goes out to 384 hours. For those who wish to have a shorter dataset, they may set final_forecast_hour to a value lower than 
    384 by the nereast increment of 3 hours. 
    
    2) western_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=-180. The western bound of the data needed. 

    3) eastern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=180. The eastern bound of the data needed.

    4) northern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=90. The northern bound of the data needed.

    5) southern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=-90. The southern bound of the data needed.

    6) proxies (dict or None) - Default=None. If the user is using proxy server(s), the user must change the following:

       proxies=None ---> proxies={
                           'http':'http://url',
                           'https':'https://url'
                        } 
    
    7) process_data (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, WxData will preprocess the model data. If the user wishes to process the 
       data via their own external method, set process_data=False which means the data will be downloaded but not processed. 
       
    8) clear_recycle_bin (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the contents in your recycle/trash bin will be deleted with each run
        of the program you are calling WxData. This setting is to help preserve memory on the machine. 
            
    9) custom_directory (String, String List or None) - Default=None. If the user wishes to define their own directory to where the files are saved,
        the user must pass in a string representing the path of the directory. Otherwise, the directory created by default in WxData will
        be used. If cat='members' then the user must pass in a string list showing the filepaths for each set of files binned by ensemble member.
    
    10) clear_recycle_bin (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the contents in your recycle/trash bin will be deleted with each run
        of the program you are calling WxData. This setting is to help preserve memory on the machine. 
        
    11) convert_temperature (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the temperature related fields will be converted from Kelvin to
        either Celsius or Fahrenheit. When False, this data remains in Kelvin.
        
    12) convert_to (String) - Default='celsius'. When set to 'celsius' temperature related fields convert to Celsius.
        Set convert_to='fahrenheit' for Fahrenheit. 
        
    13) custom_directory (String or None) - Default=None. The directory path where the ECMWF IFS Wave files will be saved to.
        Default = f:ECMWF/IFS/WAVE
        
    14) chunk_size (Integer) - Default=8192. The size of the chunks when writing the GRIB/NETCDF data to a file.
    
    15) notifications (String) - Default='off'. Notification when a file is downloaded and saved to {path}
    
    16) cat (String) - Default='mean'. The category of the data.
    
        Catagories
        ----------
        
        1) mean
        2) spread
        
    17) type_of_level (String) - Default='pressure'. The type of level the data is in.
    
        Types of Levels
        ---------------
        
        1) pressure
        2) surface
    
    
    Returns
    -------
    
    An xarray data array of the AIGEFS data specified to the coordinate boundaries and variable list the user specifies. 
    
    Pressure-Level Plain Language Variable Keys
    -------------------------------------------
    
    'geopotential_height'
    'specific_humidity'
    'air_temperature'
    'u_wind_component'
    'v_wind_component'
    'vertical_velocity'
    
    Surface-Level Plain Language Variable Keys
    ------------------------------------------
    
    '10m_u_wind_component'
    '10m_v_wind_component'
    'mslp'
    '2m_temperature'

Commit message:

Update function description in aigefs_single.md
Enhanced the function description to include pre-processing and post-processing details.

Documentation/aigefs_single.md, after:

## AIGEFS Ensemble Mean & Ensemble Spread

***aigefs_single(final_forecast_hour=384, 
                    western_bound=-180, 
                    eastern_bound=180, 
                    northern_bound=90, 
                    southern_bound=-90, 
                    proxies=None, 
                    process_data=True,
                    clear_recycle_bin=True,
                    convert_temperature=True,
                    convert_to='celsius',
                    custom_directory=None,
                    chunk_size=8192,
                    notifications='off',
                    cat='mean',
                    type_of_level='pressure'):***

    This function downloads, pre-processes and post-processes the latest AIGEFS Ensemble Mean or Ensemble Spread for either the Pressure or Surface Parameters. 
    Users can also enter a list of paths for custom_directory if they do not wish to use the default directory.
    
    Required Arguments: None
    
    Optional Arguments:
    
    1) final_forecast_hour (Integer) - Default = 384. The final forecast hour the user wishes to download. The AIGEFS
    goes out to 384 hours. For those who wish to have a shorter dataset, they may set final_forecast_hour to a value lower than 
    384 by the nereast increment of 3 hours. 
    
    2) western_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=-180. The western bound of the data needed. 

    3) eastern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=180. The eastern bound of the data needed.

    4) northern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=90. The northern bound of the data needed.

    5) southern_bound (Float or Integer) - Default=-90. The southern bound of the data needed.

    6) proxies (dict or None) - Default=None. If the user is using proxy server(s), the user must change the following:

       proxies=None ---> proxies={
                           'http':'http://url',
                           'https':'https://url'
                        } 
    
    7) process_data (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, WxData will preprocess the model data. If the user wishes to process the 
       data via their own external method, set process_data=False which means the data will be downloaded but not processed. 
       
    8) clear_recycle_bin (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the contents in your recycle/trash bin will be deleted with each run
        of the program you are calling WxData. This setting is to help preserve memory on the machine. 
            
    9) custom_directory (String, String List or None) - Default=None. If the user wishes to define their own directory to where the files are saved,
        the user must pass in a string representing the path of the directory. Otherwise, the directory created by default in WxData will
        be used. If cat='members' then the user must pass in a string list showing the filepaths for each set of files binned by ensemble member.
    
    10) clear_recycle_bin (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the contents in your recycle/trash bin will be deleted with each run
        of the program you are calling WxData. This setting is to help preserve memory on the machine. 
        
    11) convert_temperature (Boolean) - Default=True. When set to True, the temperature related fields will be converted from Kelvin to
        either Celsius or Fahrenheit. When False, this data remains in Kelvin.
        
    12) convert_to (String) - Default='celsius'. When set to 'celsius' temperature related fields convert to Celsius.
        Set convert_to='fahrenheit' for Fahrenheit. 
        
    13) custom_directory (String or None) - Default=None. The directory path where the ECMWF IFS Wave files will be saved to.
        Default = f:ECMWF/IFS/WAVE
        
    14) chunk_size (Integer) - Default=8192. The size of the chunks when writing the GRIB/NETCDF data to a file.
    
    15) notifications (String) - Default='off'. Notification when a file is downloaded and saved to {path}
    
    16) cat (String) - Default='mean'. The category of the data.
    
        Catagories
        ----------
        
        1) mean
        2) spread
        
    17) type_of_level (String) - Default='pressure'. The type of level the data is in.
    
        Types of Levels
        ---------------
        
        1) pressure
        2) surface
    
    
    Returns
    -------
    
    An xarray data array of the AIGEFS data specified to the coordinate boundaries and variable list the user specifies. 
    
    Pressure-Level Plain Language Variable Keys
    -------------------------------------------
    
    'geopotential_height'
    'specific_humidity'
    'air_temperature'
    'u_wind_component'
    'v_wind_component'
    'vertical_velocity'
    
    Surface-Level Plain Language Variable Keys
    ------------------------------------------
    
    '10m_u_wind_component'
    '10m_v_wind_component'
    'mslp'
    '2m_temperature'
